dotnet user feedback (#2747)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/dotnet/common/enriching-events/user-feedback.mdx

---
title: "User Feedback"
sidebar_order: 105
description: "Learn more about the API which you can use to collect user information when an event occurs. Sentry pairs the feedback with the original event, giving you additional insight into issues."
---

## Use the .NET SDK

When a user experiences an error, Sentry provides the ability to collect additional feedback. You can create a form to collect the user input in your prefered framework, and use the SDK's API to send the information to Sentry.

```csharp {tabTitle:C#}
using Sentry;

var eventId = SentrySdk.CaptureMessage("An event that will receive user feedback.");

SentrySdk.CaptureUserFeedback(eventId, "user@example.com", "It broke.", "The User");
```

```fsharp {tabTitle:F#}
open Sentry

let eventId = SentrySdk.CaptureMessage("An event that will receive user feedback.")

SentrySdk.CaptureUserFeedback(eventId, "user@example.com", "It broke.", "The User")
```

## On the Web

> On a Web site, this type of feedback is useful when you may typically render a plain error page (the classic `500.html`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On a website, this type of feedback is useful when you may typically render a plain error page (the classic `500.html`).
```
